Can't do it at all
Xiao Chen, where did you get the invitation letter from?
Hahaha Xiao Chen
How dare you?
Yeah, where did this invitation come from?
Or did you get in by forging a fake invitation?
Ok Xiaoshan
How dare you forge Jun Wangyan's invitation letter?
So bold
That being the case
Then I will judge you on behalf of the king
Judge you to the end
It's my sin.
Let alone the Xiao family
Even if the king of heaven comes, he can't cure my sins
Liu Xuxue
My Liu family will give you one last chance
Hurry up and let this trash kneel down and apologize to Master Xiao
Otherwise, it will anger Master Xiao
You're not going to walk out that door today.
Xiao Chen, why don't you learn it all?
Don't be afraid.
They're no threat at all
everyone
Today Jun Wangyan
This is my peak heyday in Great Xia
But helplessly, there is mouse shit mixed in
This mouse shit
Not only is it deceived by the name of the five soldiers
More arrogant
today
By the name of the king's feast
I invite you to join me.
Judge this heinous man
Let him die without a burial
Lord Wu Weijun is jealous of evil
I think
It is fitting to place this judgment at the king's feast
Finally, let Aunt Wu Weijun judge this person by herself
You are so unreasonable
The building is known as the first hand of the five natures
How dare anyone do illegal things in his name?
What should be killed is more than what should be killed
It should be a thousand cuts
I don't know who this bastard is
I think it's better to judge him on the spot
Don't stain Wu Weijun's hands
everyone
The one on trial today is this trash in front of me
depressed